Implement a clickable website/domain display and click analytics system for the Updownbid live campaign ranking cards.

IMPORTANT:
Do not change the existing ranking, boost, push-down, campaign, authentication, or PayPal logic.
Do not redesign the entire page.
Modify only the listing/ranking-card UI and add the required secure click-tracking backend.

CURRENT UI

Each ranking card currently displays approximately:

#1
Makunto
AI
AI tools

BOOSTS
PUSH DOWNS
RATING
RANKING POWER

BOOST
PUSH DOWN

I want the website/domain displayed directly under the product name/category information.

NEW CARD DISPLAY

Example:

#1

Makunto   [AI]

makunto.com ↗

AI tools

BOOSTS     PUSH DOWNS     RATING       RANKING POWER
0          0              0.0           $251

BOOST                         PUSH DOWN

👥 127 people clicked

DOMAIN DISPLAY

Use the listing's existing website/app URL field.

Display only a clean domain/hostname where possible.

Examples:

https://www.makunto.com → makunto.com
https://makunto.com/products → makunto.com
https://www.olbeez.com → olbeez.com

Do not display the full long URL unless there is no valid hostname.

The domain must be visually recognizable as a clickable link.

Example:

makunto.com ↗

Clicking the domain must open the actual destination website.

IMPORTANT:
Do not simply use a normal <a href="external-url"> if that means clicks cannot be reliably tracked.

Use a tracking route such as:

/api/listings/:listingId/click

The tracking endpoint should:

1. Validate the listing exists.
2. Retrieve the canonical website URL from the database/server-side listing record.
3. Validate that the URL uses http:// or https://.
4. Record the click.
5. Redirect the visitor to the actual website.

The destination URL must NEVER be accepted directly from an untrusted browser request.

CLICK ANALYTICS

Add click tracking for each listing.

We need two concepts internally:

1. totalClicks
2. uniqueClicks

The public card should display:

👥 X people clicked

Use UNIQUE clicks for the displayed "people clicked" number.

Do not display "people" if the implementation only counts raw requests.

If unique visitor identification is implemented, use a privacy-conscious anonymous identifier such as a server-generated/session-based anonymous visitor ID.

Do NOT store unnecessary personal information.

Do NOT store:
- email address
- Google account information
- passwords
- PayPal information
- IP addresses permanently unless there is already a justified privacy-compliant analytics mechanism

Prefer an anonymous visitor/session identifier and listing ID.

CLICK COUNTING RULES

A click should be recorded when the user actually clicks the domain link.

Do NOT count:
- page views
- rendering the listing
- hovering over the link
- search engine indexing
- server-side rendering
- simply loading the listing page

Prevent obvious duplicate counting from rapid repeated clicks by the same anonymous visitor.

For example, the same visitor repeatedly clicking the same listing within a short window should count as one unique click, while totalClicks can still be retained separately.

If the database already has an analytics/event system, reuse it rather than creating a duplicate analytics architecture.

DATABASE

Inspect the existing schema first.

If there is already a listing analytics/event table, extend it appropriately.

Otherwise create a minimal click analytics structure.

Suggested conceptual structure:

listing_clicks:
- id
- listingId
- anonymousVisitorId or equivalent privacy-safe identifier
- createdAt

Add appropriate indexes, especially:

listingId
listingId + anonymousVisitorId

If the application already uses another database/schema pattern, follow the existing architecture instead of blindly creating this exact table.

API

Create a secure endpoint similar to:

GET /api/listings/:listingId/click

Behavior:

1. Find listing.
2. Verify listing is publicly viewable.
3. Get its stored website URL.
4. Validate destination protocol.
5. Record click analytics.
6. Return an HTTP redirect to the canonical website.

Do not allow open-redirect vulnerabilities.

Never do:

/click?url=https://anything.com

Instead use:

/api/listings/<LISTING_ID>/click

and resolve the destination URL entirely from the database.

ANALYTICS RESPONSE

The listing data returned to the ranking UI should include something like:

clickAnalytics: {
  totalClicks: number,
  uniqueClicks: number
}

The UI should primarily display:

👥 {uniqueClicks} people clicked

For zero:

👥 0 people clicked

For one:

👤 1 person clicked

For multiple:

👥 127 people clicked

Make the click count subtle but visible. It should not overpower the ranking power or BOOST/PUSH DOWN controls.

REAL-TIME / REFRESH

After a click occurs, the listing analytics should eventually reflect the new count.

Do not reload the entire application unnecessarily.

If the current architecture supports optimistic/local updates, increment the displayed count safely after the tracking request succeeds.

However, never allow the browser to permanently decide the analytics count. The server/database remains the source of truth.

EXTERNAL LINK BEHAVIOR

On mobile:

- tapping the domain should open the external website normally.
- preserve the existing Updownbid page in browser history where practical.
- do not accidentally trigger BOOST or PUSH DOWN.
- do not accidentally trigger the entire listing card click handler if one exists.

On desktop:

- clicking the domain should open the destination website.
- preferably open in a new tab if that matches the existing UX conventions.

Add appropriate accessibility:

aria-label="Visit makunto.com"

Use a recognizable external-link indicator such as ↗ or an existing icon library icon.

IMPORTANT UI LAYOUT

The domain should appear immediately below the product name.

Example:

Makunto     AI

makunto.com ↗

AI tools

Do NOT put the domain at the bottom of the card.

Do NOT replace the product name with the domain.

Do NOT show the raw URL.

Do NOT make the entire card clickable to the external website.

Only the domain/link should navigate externally.

CLICK COUNT PLACEMENT

Place the click statistic underneath the existing BOOST / PUSH DOWN / RATING / RANKING POWER area and before the action buttons, or in another visually balanced location within the card.

Example:

BOOSTS       PUSH DOWNS       RATING       RANKING POWER
↗ 0          ↘ 0              ☆ 0.0        $251

👥 127 people clicked

[ BOOST ]              [ PUSH DOWN ]

Keep it compact and mobile friendly.

SECURITY

Do not trust client-provided:
- destination URLs
- listing IDs for analytics attribution
- click counts
- unique visitor counts

The server must determine the destination from the listing record.

Prevent:
- open redirects
- arbitrary URL injection
- analytics count manipulation
- duplicate event spam
- cross-listing visitor-ID abuse

Use existing authentication/session infrastructure where appropriate, but clicking a public website link should NOT require the visitor to log in.

A public visitor must be able to click the website without creating an Updownbid account.

TESTING

Test all of the following:

1. Listing with valid https URL:
   domain displays correctly and opens the website.

2. Listing with www URL:
   display clean domain without unnecessary www if appropriate.

3. Listing with URL path:
   display hostname but redirect to the complete stored URL.

4. User clicks domain:
   click event is recorded.

5. Same visitor repeatedly clicks:
   unique click count is not artificially inflated.

6. Different visitors click:
   unique click count increases appropriately.

7. Listing has no website:
   do not display a broken link.
   Hide the domain section or show appropriate "No website provided" state.

8. Invalid/non-http URL:
   do not redirect.
   Handle safely.

9. Malicious URL parameter:
   endpoint must NOT become an open redirect.

10. Page refresh:
    analytics count remains database-backed.

11. Mobile:
    domain is easy to tap and does not interfere with BOOST/PUSH DOWN.

12. Desktop:
    external website navigation works.

13. Existing ranking:
    ranking power and ordering remain unchanged.

14. Existing payment:
    PayPal flow remains completely unchanged.

15. Existing authentication:
    no regression.

Run:
- existing tests
- TypeScript check
- database/schema validation
- relevant API tests
- relevant frontend tests

Before changing anything, inspect the existing listing schema, ranking card component, website URL field, analytics/event system, and API routing architecture.

Reuse existing infrastructure wherever possible.

At the end, report:

1. Files changed
2. Database changes
3. New click-tracking endpoint
4. How unique clicks are calculated
5. How open redirects are prevented
6. How the domain is displayed
7. Tests performed and results
8. Any migration/deployment steps required

Do not make unrelated changes.